Alright.
In the last section we have completed their like functionality and we were able to align and remove
their likes from their firestorm.
In this section, we are going to add to the leading functionality we want to when we click on this
trash icon, we want to delete the posts.
But first we want to be sure that this person who is signing is the owner of the post.
So for example, this Sandra reader cannot remove or delete the post from this quote.
It's a hand one.
Okay, so let's go back to Visual Studio code and we find a trash on.
Uh, it should be inside poster as inside components folder.
So we have a trash icon here.
So we want to add a tourney operator if the person.
Always is signing.
Has the same idea.
The person who created the post.
So how do we know that?
So we if you look at the database, each post has a unique ID and also the idea of the person who created
the post is saved in the the field to make.
So we want to check that if this idea is equal to the ads, the idea that we get from session.
Okay.
So let's first check the if we imported this session.
Yeah.
We have the station here, so let's check it.
So here we say if this session.
Session.
That's user, but we can protect that too if the we don't get an error here service.
Yes just say session that user dot user ID is equal to.
And, uh, just say.
Post.
So if you remember, we can get the near post I.D. here inside the database.
We can get the this I.D. using post that I.D. But for getting this I.D., we need to have post that
data, that I.D..
Okay.
So this is different from this one.
And in other posts they see this is the owner.
This is the idea that a fire story is automatically created for our posts.
Okay.
So here we just say post dot data.
That's.
I'd.
And, uh.
We can protect this one, too.
Okay.
If this one is true, we want to show the trash icon.
So we bring this trash icon inside.
Now, if you look at our website.
We cannot see the trash again because this post, this one and this one is created by someone else.
Okay.
But if you create another post for us, for example.
We just say.
And JavaScript.
King.
You too.
Channel That is my channel name.
So we can't.
Just tweet this one.
You can see that now.
We can delete this because we have the icon here, but we can add the functionality for everything now.
But we cannot have access for deleting icon for other posts.
Okay.
That was the first step.
The next step is to addict on click to the trash icon and we trigger a function.
Which deletes the and this posts completely from our firstly from Firestorm database and also we want
to delete it at least this image from the storage as well.
So let's go back to Visual Studio code and we go to Trash Icon, we add on Click Event.
And we just trigger a functionality called a function delete.
Post.
Okay.
And we're going to create it here at a top.
Just after like post we create another function and this is going to be async function to.
I recall this one late.
Post.
I think Kerry doesn't need this one.
Okay.
That's fine.
I think we missed the trap.
Okay.
No.
When we add this, a function is called we want to delete the document.
So we just say Delete Doc.
This is a building function for fire store.
And so we already import it, I think.
Because we use it before, I think.
Uh, let me see if we have the delete talk because we use it here for deleting the likes.
Then we have the dock.
We want to have the reference.
The reference is dark.
And you on it in the database.
We want to check the Post's collection and if we want to delete the document post.
That I.D. the document with their I.D. and we're getting the I.D. here from the input posts.
So this idea, as I mentioned before.
Is this I.D.?
Okay.
We want to delete this phone completely from here to the end.
Whatever is inside is going to be deleted.
Okay.
So for example, I think this is the first one week I created the JavaScript Kink YouTube channel.
Let's test this 1/1 and let's go to.
Our website.
Refresh the page.
Okay.
We are signed in with this Twitter account.
We can delete this.
So we click on this.
Okay.
It's gone.
Let's check the database.
I see the that.
Document.
In that document inside the post collection is completely off.
But.
They're still in the storage.
We still have that image.
If you check now inside the post folder inside this storage, now we have four images.
So we want to add the ability to delete the.
Delete from the storage too.
So the function for deleting the storage is delete.
Uh, delete objects.
We need to import it from Firebase Storage.
And.
Yeah.
For the reference, we had a reference here because we want to know which which one to delete.
So we import reference to and the reference is from a storage that we need to import a storage from
uh, fire.
If fiber is storage, we need to we need to bring it inside from the fireplace.
If we remember in Firebase that yes, we export it there.
DB And his storage is the storage is a data from our storage, so.
We want to know which is stories to tell.
So here we are, the stories as well.
So now we can use it.
So inside this storage.
We want to delete.
Firstly, we check this all.
All of them are inside a folder called posts.
So we need to add posts here.
After this.
We have a forest lash and we have the post IED.
This is.
And if you check now, this is post I.D. and if you go to fast store.
Database.
I open it.
A new window.
Uh.
For example, these fun v.
If i.
This one verify.
This is just to post I.D. so we can add the post I.D. here.
And after that, we just say image because, uh.
Inside here, if you click the name of the image, it's just image.
Okay.
And it can be a different image.
This one is, for example, a beef passport image that a beef maybe the other one is different.
Depends on the what type of image we uploaded.
We get different things.
Yeah, this is PG, for example.
So we don't mention the pattern and the format.
We just say image.
Okay, let's try this.
Let's go back here and we upload another.
One.
I just write down whatever.
Uh, here.
Okay.
Well, let's tweet this.
Let's check our database.
So we just refresh the storage.
We should have now five images.
And we have a new.
Yeah.
This this phone with this text.
This is dummy text.
I did.
So they post IDs.
Why B, why?
And here we have yby2.
So by deleting this, we should delete this one and this one together.
So let's try it.
So here we click on Delete.
So it's gone.
Okay.
Let's go.
Refresh the page why be why you remember?
That's so v refresh.
We shouldn't see y y anymore.
Okay.
In the storage is gone and also it's deleted from our database.
Okay, so that is working perfectly.
The only thing I want to add is.
Because the deleting is actually needs a confirmation.
So I want when we press delete, the browser asks us, are you sure about deleting the post?
And then when we confirm it, it's going to be deleted.
So let's add this file.
So inside that this function first we open.
We add a condition.
So we open a window.
And it's going to be a concern.
And we're just going to say, are you sure you want to delete this post if you get this suggestion from
Tap nine?
So now if this one is true.
We want to do it this.
Okay.
Otherwise it's not going to be delayed.
Okay, so let's try it.
Let's upload another time.
Okay.
They tweeted.
No, we can do it.
So when we press on delete, we get a confirmation window.
Are you sure you want to delete this post?
If you press okay, you're going to delete.
If you press cancer.
You don't delete it.
So let's try one more time.
You press.
Okay.
And we don't see the post anymore.
Yeah, that was it for this section for deleting.
So let's add this one to get half.
We just take it at all and we add a message.
Uh, we just say at.
Delete.
Functionality.
To the post.
Okay.
And they push it to get up.
Let's check and we refresh the page by clicking on this tweeter.
Now we have 16 comments and last one is created 10 seconds ago.
Right click on that.
So as you can see inside the post, such yes, we have imported stories from Firebase.
Also we have the imported delete object, a reference from Firebase Forest Storage.
We added a function for deleting the posts.
First we asked a person that is sure about deleting by opening a window confirmation.
Then we deleted the document from the database first and then we delete it from this storage.
Uh.
Okay.
The another thing is.
Actually, I forgot.
Uh, I just remember that.
Let me show you something.
If this person tweets something.
I think we need to start the server again.
Okay.
Let's refresh the page.
So if the person tweets something without adding an image, we should get an error when we are deleting
it.
So I forgot to add that once.
For example, if you just say hello without any image, okay, this post is here.
When we delete this, fine.
We delete it, but we get an error because we don't have that image.
Okay.
So we just can avoid this one.
Just adding a condition here as well.
We just see if.
The posts.
DOT data.
That image is existed, then deleted.
Okay.
So let's try again.
So just say hello retweeted.
Now we delete.
Okay.
We didn't get any error.
Uh, let's add this one real quick to get half as an update.
So just say the same message.
We just stay updated.
Updated for.
Uh.
Deleting.
Image.
The only thing error or deletion.
Image delete error.
Okay.
If pushed is fun to get to.
Let's continue to review what we have done.
So inside of trash icon we added.
Uh.
Yeah.
The trash in the trash can be added on on click event.
So it's going to trigger the this delete host function.
And also we add a, uh, we have added a condition that if the person is signing has created the post
is the owner of the post can delete it.
So you can see the trash icon.
Okay.
That was it for this section.
Uh.
In the next section we keep continue adding functionality to our project.
So seeing the next section.